[DOC] Update examples to TraceQL doc (#4471)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/_index.md

Refer to [TraceQL metrics queries](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/traceql/metrics-queries/) for examples of TraceQL metrics queries.

### Find traces of a specific operation

Let's say that you want to find traces of a specific operation, then both the operation name (the span attribute `name`) and the name of the service that holds this operation (the resource attribute `service.name`) should be specified for proper filtering.
In the example below, traces are filtered on the `resource.service.name` value `frontend` and the span `name` value `POST /api/order`:

```
{resource.service.name = "frontend" && name = "POST /api/orders"}
```

When using the same Grafana stack for multiple environments (for example, `production` and `staging`) or having services that share the same name but are differentiated though their namespace, the query looks like:

```
{
  resource.service.namespace = "ecommerce" &&
  resource.service.name = "frontend" &&
  resource.deployment.environment = "production" &&
  name = "POST /api/orders"
}
```

### Find traces having a particular outcome

> This example finds all traces on the operation `POST /api/orders` that have an erroneous root span:

Author: Good catch. How's this?
```suggestion
This example finds all traces on the operation `POST /api/orders` that have a root span with errors:
```

> This example finds all traces on the operation `POST /api/orders` that have an erroneous root span:

Author: Easy enough to fix. I removed the word "root".

> This example finds all traces on the operation `POST /api/orders` that have an erroneous root span:

Author: Is the above commit acceptable? If so, I"ll commit it.
